Cousin, you have been missing for 6 years and are living outside
Are you happy to be going home now?
Of course I'm happy to find my family
Hey cousin be careful
cousin
My good sister
Didn't you die 6 years ago?
Why are you coming back?
You are a broken car
Luo Yingxue
You can't even think about this, can you?
You are the only daughter of the Luo family
You guess if you die
Who will the property belong to? Why are you so vicious?
By the way, there's something else to tell you
Six years ago, you were seriously injured and homeless
I did it too
you
You have to die
fool
Luo Yingxue deliberately killed someone and ran away
Put me in a cage yeah